Add a section about props of styled component (#40)
Appnroll/appnroll-developers: src/content/styleguide.mdx

export default Header
```

### Props of styled components

If props definition of a component is short and used individually, add it inline. It will be easier to read, because usually there are a lot of styled components defined in a one file.

```typescript
const Button = styled.button<{ pending: boolean }>`...`
```

> If a styled component becomes to be more advanced one (with many props or its props are reuseable), wonder about creating a dedicated interface for it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a styled component becomes to be more advanced one (with many props or its props are reuseable), consider creating a dedicated interface for it.
```

```typescript
// Could be hard to read

> const Button = styled.button<{ pending: boolean, wide: boolean, empty: boolean, ... }>`...`

Reviewer 2: I think prettier in this case will format it so each prop would be in its own separate line

Author: After prettier formatting it will be still the same case IMO 🤔 
```
const Button = styled.button<{
   pending: boolean,
   wide: boolean,
   empty: boolean,
   ...
}>`...`
```

Reviewer 2: If we want to be `consistent` I think same rule would have to be applied to other functionalities from SC, like `css helper` or `attrs`.

Reviewer: I would say, in general, styled components are still components. Since we always put "normal" component's props in the dedicated interface, we should do the same with SCs. 🤔

Author: Styled components are still components, but use cases are different  - that's why there is different (less restricted) rule proposed.
